---
title: Don't Panic - We're Here to Guide You
author: chrislewis
tags:
- Freshly Baked
banner: /images/blog/dontpanic.png
---

New developers typically begin their journey by following our tutorials, and
then moving on to projects of their own. The guides section of our documentation
is intended to help developers go beyond the basics - to help understand some of
the more complex APIs and concepts required to develop a Pebble app. Ultimately,
we want developers to feel comfortable enough with our platform that the
reference documentation can be their primary source of information.

We’ve known for a while that our guides section was a bit of a weak link (sorry
for the inconvenience!) - and to that end, we’ve spent a lot of time thinking
about, and writing, a new set of guides that should help to better guide you
along your path to becoming an awesome Pebble developer!



## What Did We Do?

* We’ve restructured the [Table of Contents](/guides/toc) and how we organize
  guides to make it easier to find the information you’re looking for.

* We’ve substantially improved our [*Communication*](/guides/communication)
  guides (i.e. AppMessages, Datalogging, etc), which we’ve found to be one of
  the concepts new developers struggle with the most.

* We’ve added a new [*Best Practices*](/guides/best-practices) section to help
  you take your apps to the next level by introducing concepts such as creating
  low power apps and watchfaces, and suggestions on how to organize larger
  projects.

* We’ve created guides around 
  [*Appstore Publishing*](/guides/appstore-publishing) to help you get your hard
  work into the hands (onto the wrists?) of others.

* We’ve added new guides for {% guide_link tools-and-resources/cloudpebble %},
  [*Pebble Draw Commands*](/guides/graphics-and-animations/vector-graphics), and
  more areas of Pebble development.


## Why Did We Do It?

Some of the older guides, as well as the overall structure of this section of
our site, have been around for a long time. While seasoned developers are likely
familiar with where they can find various tidbits of buried information, more
recent additions to the Pebble developer family often struggle to find the
information they need.

But we haven’t just updated how we organize our guides - we’ve also taken this
opportunity to update some of the best practices (and language) used throughout
the guides. We’ve learned a lot over the past few years, and it’s safe to say
we’re all better at this than we were when the guides were first published.


## How Did We Do It?

The old set of categories was introduced in 2014. Since then we have seen the
addition of new content for SDK 3.x, Pebble timeline, Design and Interaction,
Smartstraps, and other smaller additions. When we started this project, we had a
total of 79 guides in 20 different nested categories. After brainstorming what
information should be kept as is, improved, added, and dropped, we ended up with
a set of 64 guides across 13 categories.

After the drafts were agreed upon, we set to work with the task of writing the
actual content, using a combination of the existing content and an appreciation
of the most common questions and problems raised by our developer community.

With all of the new content in place, the final task was to shore up the
improved version of the developer site. Links were checked, and redirects were
created for all of the old guides - so if you have any favourite guides that
you’ve bookmarked they should automagically take you to the appropriate section
in the new guides.

In total, the project resulted in 16,467 lines added and 18,386 lines removed
across 370 files. Wow!


## What Are We Doing Next?

If we’ve done our jobs, the new guides shouldn’t need any major updates for the
foreseeable future, and the new structure should make it easier to extend,
improve, and add to our guides when new features come along.

Looking beyond the guides section, we have a lot of ideas (and work planned) to
further improve the Pebble Developer site, and we’re excited to share it with
you as soon as it’s ready.

As always, keep the feedback and bug reports coming! Hopefully nothing is
missing or broken, but if it is be sure to tweet
[@PebbleDev](https://twitter.com/PebbleDev) on Twitter or find me in our
[Discord]({{ site.links.discord_invite }}) group.
