---
layout: legal
title: Pebble SDK License Agreement
last_updated: 2016-01-07
permalink: /legal/sdk-license/
generate_toc: true
menu_subsection: legal
---

THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION AND TIME LIMIT ON
SUBMITTING CLAIMS THAT AFFECT YOUR RIGHTS. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS CAREFULLY.

## 1. Definitions.

1. **1.1.** "Pebble" means Pebble Technology Corp., a Delaware corporation
   having its principal place of business at 900 Middlefield Road, 5th Floor 
   Redwood City, CA 94063.
1. **1.2.** "Pebble Mobile App(s)" means the mobile applications made available
   by Pebble for use with Android or iOS mobile devices that provide a
   marketplace that enables users to search for applications to download to use
   with devices.
1. **1.3.** "Pebble Platform" means the Pebble hardware mobile device firmware
   and software application platform.
1. **1.4.** "Pebble SDK" means the Pebble APIs, and any sample source code or
   documentation licensed to you under the terms of this Pebble SDK License
   Agreement (the "Agreement").

# 2. Agreement Formation.

1. **2.1.** **Acceptance of this Agreement.** You must accept this Agreement
   before you can use the Pebble SDK. By using any portion of the Pebble SDK, or
   by clicking to accept this Agreement, you hereby agree to the terms and
   conditions of this Agreement. Do not accept this Agreement or use the Pebble
   SDK if you or your company is barred from use of the SDK under the laws or
   regulations of the United States or any other country.
1. **2.2.** **Authority.** You represent and warrant that you are of the legal
   age of majority in the country in which you reside (typically 18). If you are
   agreeing to be bound by this Agreement on behalf of your employer or another
   entity, you represent and warrant that you have full legal authority to bind
   your employer or such entity to this Agreement. If you do not have such legal
   authority, you may not accept the Agreement or use the Pebble SDK on behalf
   of your employer or any other entity.

# 3. Pebble SDK License Terms.

Subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, Pebble grants to you a
limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, worldwide, license
to use the Pebble SDK solely to develop, test and operate applications that will
run on the Pebble Platform. You will have no right to license, distribute or
otherwise transfer the Pebble SDK or any rights therein. Your rights in the
Pebble SDK will be limited to those expressly granted in this Agreement.

# 4. Open Source Components.

Use, reproduction and distribution of components of the Pebble SDK licensed
under an open source software license are governed solely by the terms of the
applicable open source software license and not this Agreement. The list of open
source components in this SDK can be found at
{{ site.links.pebble }}/legal/open_source.

# 5. Restrictions.

You will not: (a) modify, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer any part of
the Pebble SDK (except that you may modify any sample source code included in
the Pebble SDK); (b) copy (except for backup purposes and with all labeling and
copyright notices intact) or otherwise reproduce the Pebble SDK, in whole or in
part, or modify, adapt, alter, translate or incorporate into or with other
software or create a derivative work of any part of the Pebble Platform except
as expressly permitted herein; (c) remove, modify or otherwise tamper with
notices or legends on the Pebble SDK or any labeling on any physical media; (d)
use the Pebble SDK in any manner to provide service bureau, time sharing or
other computer services to third parties; (e) load any part of the Pebble SDK
onto a mobile handset or wearable computing device or any other hardware device
except: (i) an authorized Pebble device; or (ii) a device that connects an
authorized Pebble device to the internet; or (iii) a device that interoperates
directly with the authorized Pebble device; (f) distribute the Pebble SDK (other
than the incorporation of distributable elements of the Pebble SDK in your
application developed by you in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; or
(g) disclose the results of any performance benchmarks or similar testing of the
Pebble SDK or the Pebble Platform to any third party without Pebble's prior
written consent.

# 6. Ownership and Use.

1. **6.1.** **Intellectual Property Rights.** Title to and ownership of the
   Pebble SDK will remain exclusively in Pebble at all times. You will promptly
   notify Pebble of any claim which may be adverse to Pebble's interest in the
   Pebble SDK. The Pebble SDK will be used only by you, unless Pebble authorizes
   other parties in advance in writing to use the Pebble SDK under your
   supervision.
1. **6.2.** **Feedback.** If you provide Pebble with verbal and/or written
   feedback related to your use of the Pebble SDK, including, but not limited
   to, a report of any errors which you may discover in the Pebble SDK, the
   Pebble Platform or related documentation, or suggestions for improvements or
   changes to the Pebble SDK and/or the Pebble Platform, you hereby grant Pebble
   a perpetual, irrevocable right to use such feedback to develop and improve
   the Pebble SDK, the Pebble Platform or any other Pebble product or service.
1. **6.3.** **Pebble SDK Changes.** You agree that the form and nature of the
   Pebble SDK may change without prior notice and that future versions of the
   Pebble SDK may be incompatible with applications developed on previous
   versions of the Pebble SDK. You agree that Pebble may stop (permanently or
   temporarily) providing the Pebble SDK (or any features within the Pebble SDK)
   at Pebble's sole discretion at any time and without prior notice.
1. **6.4.** **Your Ownership.** Pebble acknowledges that Pebble does not obtain
   any ownership interest in any applications that you develop using the Pebble
   SDK and you acknowledge that Pebble retains ownership in any distributable
   components of the Pebble SDK that you embed in your applications.
1. **6.5.** **Trademarks and Rights Notices.** Nothing in this Agreement gives
   you a right to use any of Pebble's trade names, trademarks, service marks,
   logos, domain names or other distinctive brand features. You agree that you
   will not adopt, use or attempt to register, whether as a corporate name,
   domain name, product name, trademark, service mark or other indication of
   origin, any trademark of Pebble or any mark that is confusingly similar to or
   will dilute the distinctive nature of the Pebble trademarks. You also agree
   that you will not include the term "Pebble" as part of the name for any
   application that you develop using the Pebble SDK. You agree that you will
   not remove, obscure or alter any proprietary rights notices (including
   copyright and trademark notices) that may be affixed to or contained within
   the Pebble SDK.
1. **6.6.** **Compliance with Law and Industry Standards.** You agree to only
   use the Pebble SDK to write applications for purposes that are permitted by:
   (a) this Agreement; and (b) any applicable law, regulation or generally
   accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions.
1. **6.7.** **Data Collection.** You will not develop your application such that
   you allow your application to transmit or otherwise collect user data, device
   data, location data or any personally identifiable information from your
   application or from Pebble devices without first obtaining the user's consent
   to do so and providing clear and complete information to users regarding any
   such transmission, collection and use of data.

## 7. Privacy.

1. **7.1.** You agree that, if you use the Pebble SDK to develop applications
   for other users, you will protect the privacy and legal rights of your users,
   prominently display a privacy policy that describes to your users the
   information that is collected by you and your application and how such
   information is used and shared. You will maintain and process all user data
   in accordance with your privacy policy and all applicable laws and
   regulations in any countries in which your application is distributed or
   used.
1. **7.2.** Pebble may collect certain usage statistics from the Pebble SDK,
   including, but not limited to, a unique identifier, associated IP address,
   version number of the Pebble SDK and information on which tools and/or
   services in the Pebble SDK are being used and how they are being used.
   Unless you expressly opt-out of allowing this use, this information will be
   collected and used in accordance with the Pebble Privacy Policy available at
   {{ site.links.pebble }}/legal/privacy/.

## 8. Term and Termination.

This Agreement is effective until terminated by Pebble or you as described
below.

1. **8.1.** You may terminate this Agreement by notifying Pebble that you have
   stopped all use of the Pebble SDK.
1. **8.2.** Pebble may terminate this Agreement at any time if: (a) you have
   breached any provision of the this Agreement; (b) Pebble is legally required
   to do so; or (c) Pebble decides not to provide the Pebble SDK or services
   related to the Pebble SDK to users in the country in which you reside.
1. **8.3.** Upon any termination of this Agreement you will immediately: (a)
   cease the use of all of the Pebble SDK; and (b) destroy all copies of the
   Pebble SDK (except for any sample code from the Pebble SDK that you have
   embedded in your authorized applications). The provisions of Sections 1, 5
   through 7, 8.3, and 10 through 15 inclusive of this Agreement will survive
   any termination or expiration of this Agreement.

## 9. No Warranty.

The Pebble SDK is provided to you on an "AS IS" basis and without warranty of
any kind. PEBBLE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, STATUTORY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
RELATING TO THE PEBBLE SDK, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF
NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE PEBBLE SDK IS AT YOUR OWN
DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR
COMPUTER SYSTEM OR OTHER DEVICE OR ANY LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH USE.

## 10. Limitation of Liability.

1. **10.1.** **No Liability for Consequential Damages**. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
   PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL PEBBLE BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE,
   INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
   DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE
   PEBBLE SDK REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT
   (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF PEBBLE
   HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
1. **10.2.** **Limitation on Direct Damages**. IN NO EVENT WILL PEBBLE'S
   AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS
   (USD $100).
1. **10.3.** **Allocation of Risk**. You and Pebble agree that the foregoing
   warranty disclaimer and limitation of liability set forth in Sections 9 and
   10, respectively, fairly allocate the risks in the Agreement between the
   parties. You and Pebble further agree that this allocation is an essential
   element of the basis of the bargain between the parties, that Pebble would
   not have entered this Agreement without these limitations, and that the
   limitations will apply notwithstanding any failure of the essential purpose
   of this Agreement or any limited remedy hereunder.

## 11. Indemnification.

To the maximum extent permitted by law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold
harmless Pebble, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers,
employees, agents and representatives from and against any and all claims,
actions, suits or proceedings, as well as any and all losses, liabilities,
damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out
of or allegedly based (in whole or in part) on: (a) your use of the Pebble SDK;
(b) any application you develop using the Pebble SDK that infringes any
copyright, trademark, trade secret, trade dress, patent or other intellectual
property right of any person or defames any person or violates their rights of
publicity or privacy; (c) any violation by you of any applicable law or
regulation; or (d) any non-compliance by you with the terms of this Agreement.

## 12. Export.

You acknowledge and agree that you will not import, export, or re-export,
directly or indirectly, any commodity (including, without limitation, the Pebble
SDK or related information) to any country in violation of the laws and
regulations of any applicable jurisdiction. This restriction expressly includes,
without limitation, the export regulations of the United States, and the import
and export restrictions of the various European countries. You further agree to
defend, indemnify and hold harmless Pebble, its affiliates and their respective
directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives from any losses,
costs, claims or other liabilities arising out of your breach of this Section
12.

## 13. Dispute Resolution and Binding Arbitration.

**Definitions**. As used in this Arbitration Provision, the terms "Pebble,"
"we," "us," and "our" refer to Pebble Technology Corp., including its
subsidiaries and agents; the terms "you" and "your" refer to you as an
individual as well as other individuals you allow to access or use the Products,
and any legal entity you control, work for, or represent when you access or use
the Products. The word "Products" means your access to and/or use of any Pebble
website, advertisement or promotion and any product, service, or software that
you obtain from or through Pebble. The word "Claims" means all claims, disputes,
or controversies between you and us of any nature or kind, whether pre-existing,
present, or future, that arise from or relate to the Products. This includes but
is not limited to disagreements about the validity, enforceability, or scope of
this Arbitration Provision.

**Informal Efforts to Resolve Dispute**. If a dispute arises between you and
Pebble, you should first attempt to resolve it by sending an email to
[legal@getpebble.com](mailto:legal@getpebble.com)or by sending the details of
your complaint, including your contact information for a response, to the
address or fax number listed below. We will attempt in good faith to resolve all
Claims submitted this way within fifteen (15) days of receipt.

**Agreement to Arbitrate; Right to Opt Out**. If informal efforts to resolve
Claims fail or are not used, you agree that any and all Claims will be resolved
exclusively by binding arbitration as described herein, except that: (i) you may
assert Claims in a small claims court in the United States if your Claims meet
the court's jurisdictional requirements; and (ii) either party may pursue Claims
and relief in a court of competent jurisdiction regarding the validity and/or
infringement of a party's intellectual property rights.

THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY IN ARBITRATION, AND COURT REVIEW OF AN ARBITRATION
AWARD IS VERY LIMITED. HOWEVER, AN ARBITRATOR CAN AWARD TO YOU ON AN INDIVIDUAL
BASIS THE SAME DAMAGES AND FORMS OF RELIEF AS A COURT COULD (INCLUDING
INJUNCTIVE AND DECLARATORY RELIEF AS WELL AS STATUTORY DAMAGES), AND MUST FOLLOW
THE LAW AND TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AS A COURT WOULD. ANY ARBITRATION UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT WILL TAKE PLACE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS; CLASS ARBITRATIONS AND CLASS
ACTIONS AND PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTIONS ARE NOT PERMITTED.

IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION, YOU MUST NOTIFY
PEBBLE IN WRITING WITHIN 30 DAYS FROM THE DATE THAT YOU FIRST ACCEPT OR HAVE
ACCESS TO THIS AGREEMENT BY MAILING OR FAXING AN OPT-OUT REQUEST TO OUR CUSTOMER
SERVICE CENTER LISTED BELOW. YOUR WRITTEN NOTIFICATION MUST INCLUDE YOUR NAME,
ADDRESS, THE EMAIL ADDRESS YOU USED TO REGISTER WITH PEBBLE, AND A CLEAR
STATEMENT THAT YOU DO NOT WISH TO RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH US THROUGH ARBITRATION.
YOUR DECISION TO OPT OUT OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION WILL HAVE NO ADVERSE
EFFECT ON YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH US OR THE DELIVERY OF PRODUCTS TO YOU BY US. IF
YOU HAVE PREVIOUSLY NOTIFIED US OF YOUR DECISION TO OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION, YOU
DO NOT NEED TO DO SO AGAIN.

**Arbitration Fees**. The allocation and payment of all filing, administration
and arbitrator fees will be governed by the JAMS's rules which limit the amount
a consumer is required to pay. If the arbitrator determines that your Claims are
not frivolous applying the standards of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, we
agree to reimburse you the amount of all filing, administration and arbitrator
fees you are required to pay for the arbitration.

**Arbitration Rules**. The arbitration will be conducted by the JAMS ("JAMS")
under its rules if you are a resident of the United States; if your use of the
Products has been principally for personal or household use, the JAMS'
procedures for consumer-related disputes including the minimum fairness
standards will also apply. If you are a resident of a country other than the
United States, the arbitration will be conducted by the JAMS in San Francisco,
California, under its rules for international arbitration, and you and we agree
to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the U.S. federal court in San
Francisco, California in order to compel arbitration, to stay proceedings
pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the
award entered by the arbitrator. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency
between the applicable arbitration rules and this Arbitration Provision, this
Arbitration Provision shall govern and control.

The arbitration will be conducted in the English language by a single arbitrator
who is an attorney-at-law with at least fifteen years' experience in consumer
and technology transactions and who is also a member of the JAMS roster of
arbitrators. If you and we can't agree on a mutually acceptable arbitrator
within fifteen (15) days after the arbitration is initiated, then the JAMS will
pick a neutral arbitrator who meets the qualifications. The JAMS rules are
available at http://www.jamsadr.com , or by calling 1- 800 – 352- 5267 from
inside the United States or +44 207 583 9808 from outside the United States.

**Initiating Arbitration**. To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must follow
the procedures specified by the applicable JAMS rules as described on their
website at http://www.jamsadr.com.

**Time Restriction**. YOU MUST FILE A COMPLAINT WITH JAMS OR A PERMITTED COURT
WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR OF THE DATE OF THE OCCURRENCE OF THE EVENT OR FACTS GIVING
RISE TO A CLAIM, OR YOU WAIVE THE RIGHT TO PURSUE ANY CLAIM BASED UPON SUCH
EVENT, FACTS OR DISPUTE.

**Arbitration Process**. Because appearing in person for arbitration can be
unduly burdensome in the circumstances, arbitration under this Arbitration
Provision shall not require any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses
unless mutually agreed. Either or both parties may participate by written
submissions, telephone calls, or other means of remote communication as allowed
by the arbitrator. The arbitration proceedings will be conducted in the English
language at a location designated by the JAMS that is the most convenient for
you.

The arbitration can only decide Claim(s) between you and us, and may not
consolidate or join the claims of other persons that may have similar claims.
There shall be no pre-arbitration discovery except as provided for in the
applicable JAMS rules. The arbitrator will honor claims of privilege recognized
by law and will take reasonable steps to protect customer account information
and other confidential or proprietary information.

In conducting the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator will apply the law of
the State of California (without regard to its conflicts of law provisions)
including U.S. federal law for matters covered by federal law (e.g. the Federal
Arbitration Act). The confidentiality provisions of this Agreement will be
enforceable under the provisions of the California Uniform Trade Secrets Act,
California Civil Code Section 3426, as amended. At the request of any party, the
arbitrator shall provide a brief written explanation of the basis for the
decision and award. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be
entered in any court having jurisdiction. The arbitrator's decision will be
final and binding on the parties except for any right to appeal under the JAMS
rules or the Federal Arbitration Act.

**Recovery and Attorneys' Fees**. If the arbitrator rules in your favor on the
merits of any Claim you bring against us and issues you an award that is greater
in monetary value than our last written settlement offer made to you before
written submissions are made to the arbitrator, then we will (i) pay you 150% of
your arbitration damages award, up to $1,000 over and above your damages award;
and (ii) pay your attorneys, if any, the amount of attorneys' fees, and
reimburse any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs) that you or
your attorney reasonably incurred for investigating, preparing, and pursuing
your Claim in arbitration. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes
as to the payment and reimbursement of such fees, expenses, and the alternative
payment and the attorney premium at any time during the proceeding and upon
request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator's ruling on the
merits. The right to attorneys' fees and expenses discussed above supplements
any right to attorneys' fees and expenses you may have under applicable law,
although you may not recover duplicative awards of attorneys' fees or costs. If
your use of the Products was principally for personal or household use, neither
party will be entitled to any award of punitive or special damages and Pebble
waives any right it may have to seek an award of attorneys' fees and expenses
from you in connection with any arbitration of Claims between us.

**Confidentiality**. You and we shall keep confidential any information
exchanged during the arbitration as well as the decision of the arbitrator made
with respect to any Claim(s) arbitrated under this Arbitration Provision and,
with the exception of disclosure to your or our attorneys, accountants,
auditors, and other legal or financial advisors, neither party shall disclose
such information or decision to any other person unless required to do so by
law.

**Continuing Obligation to Arbitrate; Severability**. This Arbitration Provision
shall survive termination of your access to or use of any Products and related
agreements. If any portion of this Arbitration Provision is deemed invalid or
unenforceable at law, such invalid or unenforceable provision will be
interpreted, construed or reformed to the extent required to make it valid and
enforceable, and this shall not invalidate the remaining portions of this
Arbitration Provision.

Pebble Customer Service Center Address:

Pebble Technology Corp.

ATTN: **LEGAL/ARBITRATION**

900 Middlefield Road, 5th Floor 

Redwood City, CA 94063

Fax Number: (650) 618-1683

## 14. Changes to the Agreement.

Pebble may make changes to this Agreement at any time by sending you notice by
email describing the modifications made. Pebble will also post a notification on
the Pebble web site. The changes will become effective, and will be deemed
accepted by you: (a) immediately for those who first register with a Pebble
account after the notification is posted; or (b) upon your acceptance of the
modified Agreement for pre-existing developers; provided, however, that changes
required by law will be deemed to be accepted and effective upon any use by you
of the Pebble SDK after Pebble posts notice of such change. In the event that
you do not agree with the modifications to the Agreement within thirty (30) days
after the date the email is sent, then your rights under this Agreement will
terminate automatically, which termination will be your sole and exclusive
remedy.

## 15. General Provisions.

This Agreement is not assignable or transferable, in whole or in part, by you,
whether involuntarily, by merger, operation of law or otherwise, without
Pebble's prior written consent. Any amalgamation or merger of a party with any
third party, or the purchase or all or substantially all of the assets of a
party, will be deemed an assignment requiring consent. Any attempted transfer in
violation of this section is void. A waiver of any default hereunder or of any
of the terms and conditions of this Agreement will not be deemed to be a
continuing waiver or a waiver of any other default or of any other term or
condition, but will apply solely to the instance to which such waiver is
directed. The exercise of any right or remedy provided in this Agreement will be
without prejudice to the right to exercise any other right or remedy provided by
law or equity, except as expressly limited by this Agreement. Captions in this
Agreement are for the convenience of the parties only and will not affect the
interpretation or construction of this Agreement. In the event any provision of
this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be
severed from the remainder of this Agreement, and such remainder will remain in
force and effect. The parties agree to replace any such invalid provision with a
valid provision that most closely approximates the intent and economic effect of
the invalid provision. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between
the parties relating to this subject matter and supersedes all prior and/or
simultaneous representations, discussions, negotiations and agreements relating
to the Pebble SDK, whether written or oral.
