---
layout: legal
title: Pebble Terms of Use
last_updated: 2016-01-07
permalink: /legal/terms-of-use/
generate_toc: true
menu_subsection: legal
---

**Pebble Technology Corp. ("Pebble", "We" or "Us") getpebble.com and
CloudPebble.net Internet Web Site Terms of Use**

Effective as of: December 19, 2014

Date last updated: January 7, 2016

---

THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW (THE "**TERMS**") GOVERN YOUR USE OF
THE SITE(S) ON THE WORLD WIDE WEB. THESE TERMS ARE A LEGAL CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU
AND PEBBLE AND GOVERN YOUR ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, PEBBLE WEBSITE(S) LOCATED AT
GETPEBBLE.COM, CLOUDPEBBLE.NET OR OTHER SUBDOMAINS OF EITHER OF THE FOREGOING
TOGETHER WITH THE SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE(S) (COLLECTIVELY, THE
"**SITE(S)**"). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT ACCESS OR
OTHERWISE USE THE SITE(S) OR ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THE SITE(S). YOUR USE
OF THE SITE(S) WILL BE DEEMED TO BE YOUR AGREEMENT TO ABIDE BY EACH OF THE TERMS
SET FORTH BELOW. PEBBLE MAY MAKE CHANGES TO THE CONTENT AND SERVICES OFFERED ON
THE SITE(S) AT ANY TIME. PEBBLE CAN CHANGE THESE TERMS AT ANY TIME BY POSTING
UPDATED TERMS OF USE ON THE SITE(S) AND BY SENDING REGISTERED USERS AN EMAIL
NOTICE OF THE CHANGES. IF ANY MODIFICATION IS UNACCEPTABLE TO YOU, YOU WILL
CEASE USING THE SITE(S). IF YOU DO NOT CEASE USING THE SITE(S), YOU WILL BE
DEEMED TO HAVE ACCEPTED THE CHANGE.

NOTE: THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION AND TIME LIMIT ON
SUBMITTING CLAIMS THAT AFFECT YOUR RIGHTS. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS CAREFULLY.

**YOU REPRESENT, ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE OR
THAT YOU HAVE YOUR PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN'S PERMISSION TO AGREE TO THESE
TERMS.**


## General Use Restrictions

Certain information, documents, materials and services provided on and through
the Site(s), including content, logos, graphics and images (together, the 
"**Materials**") are made available to you by Pebble and are the copyrighted
and/or trademarked work of Pebble or Pebble's contributors. Materials do not
include Submissions (as defined below), the Pebble Mobile App(s), the Pebble SDK
or any third party applications including, companion applications. The terms
specific to the Submissions, the Pebble Mobile App(s), the Pebble SDK or any
third party applications including, companion applications are described below.

Pebble grants you a limited, personal, non-exclusive and non-transferable
license to use and to display and to make one copy of the Materials and to use
the Materials on the Site(s) solely for your personal use. Except for the
license set forth in the preceding sentence above, you acknowledge and agree
that you have no right to modify, edit, copy, reproduce, create derivative works
of, reverse engineer, alter, enhance or in any way exploit any of the Materials
in any manner. This limited license terminates automatically, without notice to
you, if you breach any of these Terms. Upon termination of this limited license,
you agree to immediately destroy any downloaded or printed Materials. Except as
stated herein, you acknowledge that you have no right, title or interest in or
to the Site(s) or any Materials.

## Pebble Mobile App(s)

Your use of the Pebble Mobile App(s) is not governed by these Terms and is
subject to the separate terms and conditions, which can be found at
https://auth.getpebble.com/terms_of_use.

## Third Party Applications and Companion Applications

Your use of any third-party applications, including any companion applications,
that you may download through the Pebble Mobile App(s) or through a third-party
app store is not governed by these Terms and is subject to the separate terms of
the applicable third-party licensor's end user license or similar agreement.

## CloudPebble.net Developers and Pebble SDK

You may use the CloudPebble.net Site to develop applications designed to work on
the Pebble watch and other devices. Pebble reserves the right to implement
storage limitations and/or to charge fees associated with the use of the
CloudPebble.net Site. In such event, Pebble will provide a notice on the
CloudPebble.net Site or send registered developers an email notice. Pebble does
not represent or warrant that your applications will be secure from loss on the
CloudPebble.net Site and does not guarantee the storage of your applications.
Pebble has no liability for your applications.You will be solely liable for any
damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, proprietary
rights, or any other harm resulting from your applications that you develop. You
represent and warrant that: (a) you own all applications developed or hosted by
you on the CloudPebble.net Site; and (b) your application does not and will not
infringe or misappropriate the trademark rights, copyrights, contract rights or
any other rights of any person or entity. You agree to pay for all royalties,
fees, damages and any other monies owing any person by reason of any of your
applications.Pebble acknowledges that Pebble does not obtain any ownership
interest in any applications that you develop using the Pebble SDK and you
acknowledge that Pebble retains ownership in any distributable components of the
Pebble SDK that you embed in your applications. Your applications are not
Submissions under these Terms.

Your use of the Pebble SDK is not governed by these Terms and is subject to the
separate terms of the Pebble SDK License Agreement, which can be found at
https://developer.pebble.com/legal/sdk-license/.
Pebble has no obligation to approve your application or make your application 
available for download through the Pebble Mobile App(s).

## Pebble Watch Warranties and Returns

Note that Pebble watch, devices and product purchases on the Site(s) are not
returnable except as set forth in the Pebble Satisfaction Guarantee and Limited
Warranty, which can be found at {{ site.links.pebble }}/legal/warranty.

## Payment and Electronic Communications

If you place any orders for products on the Site(s), you are expressly agreeing
that Pebble is permitted to bill you the applicable fees, any applicable tax and
any other charges you may incur with Pebble in connection with your use of the
Site(s) and the services on the Site(s). You agree that the fees will be billed
to your credit card or PayPal account you provide in accordance with the billing
terms in effect at the time a fee or charge is due and payable, as applicable.
If payment is not received or cannot be charged to your credit card or PayPal
account for any reason in advance of shipping your order, Pebble reserves the
right to either suspend or terminate your order.

Pebble reserves the right, at any time, to change its prices and billing methods
for products sold, effective immediately upon posting on the Site(s) or by
electronic communications to you.

By using the Site(s), you consent to receiving electronic communications from
Pebble. These electronic communications may include notices about applicable
fees and charges, transactional information and other information concerning or
related to our Site(s) and services. These electronic communications are part of
your relationship with Pebble and you receive them as part of your subscription
to the Site(s). You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures or other
communications that we send you electronically will satisfy any legal
communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.

## Privacy Policy

Your use of the Site(s) is governed by the Pebble Privacy Policy, which can be
found at {{ site.links.pebble }}/legal/privacy/ (the "**Privacy Policy**").

## Sweepstakes and Contests

Pebble may sponsor and give you the opportunity to participate in certain
sweepstakes and/or contests. Any such sweepstakes and/or contests will be
subject to separate terms and conditions.

## Third Party Content and Products

Certain information and other content may be the material of third-party
licensors and suppliers to Pebble (including, without limitation, certain third
party logos and trade names (" **Third Party Content**")). The Third Party
Content is, in each case, the copyrighted and/or trademarked work of the
creator/licensor. You agree to only display the Third Party Content on your
personal computer solely for your personal use. You acknowledge and agree that
you have no right to download, cache, reproduce, modify, display (except as set
forth in this paragraph), edit, alter or enhance any of the Third Party Content
in any manner unless you have permission from the owner of the Third Party
Content. PEBBLE DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED AND STATUTORY WARRANTIES AND
CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIRD PARTY CONTENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT.

## Links to Third Party Sites

The Site(s) may be linked to other sites that are not Pebble sites. Pebble is
providing these links to you only as a convenience, and Pebble is not
responsible for such linked sites (including, without limitation, the content,
products, services or links displayed on such sites).

## Proprietary Rights

Pebble is a trademark of Pebble Technology Corp. Other trademarks, names and
logos on the Site(s) are the property of their respective owners.

Unless otherwise specified in these Terms, all information and screens appearing
on the Site(s), including documents, services, site design, text, graphics,
logos, images and icons, as well as the arrangement thereof, are the sole
property of Pebble, Copyright Â© 2014 Pebble Technology Corp. All rights not
expressly granted herein are reserved. Except as otherwise required or limited
by applicable law, any reproduction, distribution, modification, retransmission,
or publication of any copyrighted material is strictly prohibited without the
express written consent of the copyright owner or license.

## Feedback

If you provide Pebble with verbal feedback and/or written feedback related to
your use of the Site(s) and/or the Pebble products including, but not limited
to, a report of any errors which you may discover in the Site(s) and/or the
Pebble products or related documentation or suggestions for improvements or
changes to the Site(s) and/or the Pebble products, you hereby grant Pebble a
perpetual, irrevocable right to use such feedback to develop and improve the
Site(s) and/or any Pebble product or service.

## Submissions

You acknowledge that you are responsible for the files, images, blog posts and
comments, and other materials that you submit, post or otherwise make available
on the developer or other blogs or forums and/or support center sections of the
Site(s) (each a " **Submission**"), and that you, and not Pebble, have full
responsibility for each such Submission you make, including its legality,
accuracy, appropriateness, and trademark and copyright ownership.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any postings or submissions that you submit that
evaluate or constitute feedback about the Site(s) and/or the Pebble products are
not Submissions but are feedback and will be subject to the terms forth in the
Feedback Section above. Unless otherwise explicitly stated herein or in the
Privacy Policy, you agree that any Submission provided by you in connection with
the Site(s) is provided on a non-proprietary and non-confidential basis. Please
note that, generally, Submissions will be accessible by other users of the
developer or other blogs or forums and/or support center on the Site(s). Please
be sure that any information you post on any developer or other blog or forums
and/or support center areas of the Site is information that you are comfortable
with sharing with others. Except as expressly set forth below, you agree that
Pebble is free to use a Submission on an unrestricted basis for any purpose and
you grant Pebble a sublicensable, non-exclusive, fully-paid and royalty-free,
worldwide license to (in any media, whether now known or not currently known or
invented) link to, utilize, use, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce,
distribute, modify and prepare derivative works of the Submission. However,
under the foregoing license, Pebble will not have the right to sell ownership
rights to your Submission. YOU RETAIN OWNERSHIP OF ANY COPYRIGHTS OR OTHER
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS APPLICABLE TO YOUR SUBMISSIONS. You further agree
that you will not upload, post or otherwise make available on the Site(s) any
material protected by copyright, trademark, or any other proprietary right
without the express permission of the owner of such copyright, trademark or
other proprietary right owned by a third party, and the burden of determining
whether any material is protected by any such right is on you. You will be
solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights,
trademarks, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from any Submission
that you make. You represent and warrant that: (a) you own all Submissions
posted by you on or through the Site(s) or otherwise have the right to grant the
licenses to Pebble set forth in this section; and (b) the posting of your
Submissions on or through the Site(s) do not violate the privacy rights,
publicity rights, trademark rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other
rights of any person or entity. You agree to pay for all royalties, fees,
damages and any other monies owing any person by reason of any Submissions
posted by you to or through the Site(s).

## Prohibited Uses

You promise not to use the Site(s) or Materials for any purpose that is unlawful
or prohibited by these Terms. You agree to abide by all applicable local, state
and national laws and regulations. When using the Site(s) or Materials,
including, without limitation, the developer or other blogs and/or support
center areas on the Site(s), you agree not to upload any materials, information
or data or take any actions that are inappropriate or disruptive to the Site(s).
Without limitation, you agree not to:

- Post off topic information or messages that are not related to the content on
  the Site(s);
- Use racially, ethnically, or otherwise offensive language;
- Incite illegal activity;
- Use explicit/obscene language or solicit/upload sexually explicit images
  (actual or simulated);
- Upload anything that exploits children or minors or that depicts cruelty to
  animals;
- Upload any personal information that you do not have authority or permission
  to upload;
- Upload any copyrighted or trademarked materials without the express permission
  from the owner;
- Use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Site(s);
  or
- Take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load
  on our infrastructure.

This list of prohibitions provides examples and is not complete or exclusive.
Pebble reserves the right to terminate your access to your account, your ability
to upload content to the Site(s) with or without cause and with or without
notice, for any reason or no reason, or for any action that Pebble determines is
inappropriate or disruptive to the Site(s) or to any other user of the Site(s).
Pebble may report to law enforcement authorities any actions that may be
illegal, and any reports it receives of such conduct. When legally required or
at Pebble's discretion, Pebble will cooperate with law enforcement agencies in
any investigation of alleged illegal activity on the Site(s) or on the Internet.
These prohibitions do not require Pebble to monitor, police or remove any
information or Submissions submitted by you or any other user.

## Copyright and Trademark Infringements

You may have heard of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the " **DMCA**"), as
it relates to online service providers, such as Pebble, being asked to remove
content that allegedly violates someone's copyright. While the DMCA itself only
applies to copyrights, Pebble also extends its DMCA policy below to allegations
of trademark infringement.  As an online service provider under the DMCA, Pebble
respects the intellectual property rights of others, and we ask you to do the
same. Pebble may, in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, terminate
service and/or access to the Site(s) for users who infringe the intellectual
property rights of others. If you believe that your work is the subject of
copyright or trademark infringement and appears on our Site(s), please provide
Pebble's designated agent the following information:

- A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf
  of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
- Identification of the copyrighted or trademarked work claimed to have been
  infringed, or, if multiple works at a single online Site are covered by a
  single notification, a representative list of such works at that Site;
- Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the
  subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which
  is to be disabled at the Site, and information reasonably sufficient to
  permit Pebble to locate the material;
- Information reasonably sufficient to permit Pebble to contact you as the
  complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available,
  an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted;
- A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in
  the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright and/or trademark
  owner, its agent, or the law; and
- A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under
  penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of
  an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Pebble's agent for notice of claims of copyright or trademark infringement on
the Site(s) can be reached as follows:

By mail:

Pebble Technology Corp.

ATTN: _LEGAL_

900 Middlefield Road, 5th Floor 

Redwood City, CA 94063

By e-mail: legal@getpebble.com

Please also note that for copyright infringements under Section 512(f) of the
Copyright Act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material
or activity is infringing may be subject to liability.

**Disclaimer of Warranties**

Your use of the Site(s), Materials and/or the services is at your own risk. The
Third Party Content has not been verified or authenticated in whole or in part
by Pebble, and it may include inaccuracies or typographical or other errors.
Pebble does not warrant the accuracy or timeliness of the Materials or the Third
Party Content contained on the Site(s). Pebble has no liability for any errors
or omissions in the Materials or the Third Party Content, whether provided by
Pebble or our licensors.

PEBBLE, FOR ITSELF AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS, MAKES NO EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
STATUTORY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, OR GUARANTEES IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SITE(S), MATERIALS, YOUR APPLICATIONS OR PEBBLE'S HOSTING THEREOF, THIRD PARTY
CONTENT OR SUBMISSIONS, RELATING TO THE QUALITY, SUITABILITY, TRUTH, ACCURACY OR
COMPLETENESS OF ANY INFORMATION OR MATERIAL CONTAINED OR PRESENTED ON THE
SITE(S) AND/OR THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SITE(S) OR MATERIALS,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE THIRD PARTY CONTENT OR SUBMISSIONS. TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SITE(S), THE THIRD PARTY
CONTENT, THE HOSTING OF YOUR APPLICATIONS AND ANY INFORMATION OR MATERIAL
CONTAINED OR PRESENTED ON THE SITE(S) IS PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS," "AS
AVAILABLE" AND "WHERE-IS" BASIS WITH NO WARRANTY OF IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTY RIGHTS. PEBBLE DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY WARRANTIES AGAINST VIRUSES, SPYWARE OR
MALWARE THAT MAY BE INSTALLED ON YOUR COMPUTER.

**Limitation of Liability**

IN NO EVENT WILL PEBBLE AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR
PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE SITE(S), THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE(S), THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE(S), OR FOR
ANY INFORMATION, THIRD PARTY CONTENT, YOUR APPLICATIONS, SUBMISSIONS OBTAINED
THROUGH THE SITE(S), OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SITE(S), WHETHER
BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF
PEBBLE OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF DAMAGES.

IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SITE(S), OR WITH ANY OF THESE
TERMS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE(S). THIS
SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS SEPARATE AND INDEPENDENT OF ANY OTHER PROVISION
THAT LIMITS PEBBLE'S LIABILITY OR YOUR REMEDIES. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING,
IN NO EVENT WILL PEBBLE'S AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS TOTAL CUMULATIVE
LIABILITY TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION
(WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY, OR
OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCTS
PURCHASED ON THE SITE(S) IN THE SIX MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE OF THE INITIAL
CLAIM MADE AGAINST PEBBLE; OR (B) ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS (USD $100). ****

**Local Laws; Export Control**

Pebble controls and operates the Site(s) from its headquarters in the United
States of America and the Materials, Submissions and/or Third Party Content may
not be appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use the
Site(s) outside the United States of America, you are responsible for following
applicable local laws.

**Dispute Resolution and Binding Arbitration Provision.**

**Definitions**. As used in this Arbitration Provision, the terms " **Pebble**
," " **we,**" " **us,**" and " **our**" refer to **Pebble Technology Corp**.,
including its subsidiaries and agents; the terms " **you**" and " **your**"
refer to you as an individual as well as other individuals you allow to access
or use the Products, and any legal entity you control, work for, or represent
when you access or use the Products. The word " **Products**" means your access
to and/or use of any Pebble website, advertisement or promotion and any product,
service, or software that you obtain from or through Pebble. The word "
**Claims**" means all claims, disputes, or controversies between you and us of
any nature or kind, whether pre-existing, present, or future, that arise from or
relate to the Products. This includes but is not limited to disagreements about
the validity, enforceability, or scope of this Arbitration Provision.

**Informal Efforts to Resolve Dispute.** If a dispute arises between you and
Pebble, you should first attempt to resolve it by sending an email to
[legal@getpebble.com](mailto:legal@getpebble.com) or by sending the details of
your complaint, including your contact information for a response, to the
address or fax number listed below. We will attempt in good faith to resolve all
Claims submitted this way within fifteen (15) days of receipt.

**Agreement to Arbitrate; Right to Opt Out.** If informal efforts to resolve
Claims fail or are not used, you agree that any and all Claims will be resolved
exclusively by binding arbitration as described herein, except that: (i)you may
assert Claims in a small claims court in the United States if your Claims meet
the court's jurisdictional requirements; and (ii) either party may pursue Claims
and relief in a court of competent jurisdiction regarding the validity and/or
infringement of a party's intellectual property rights.

There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration
award is very limited. However, an arbitrator can award to you on an individual
basis the same damages and forms of relief as a court could (including
injunctive and declaratory relief as well as statutory damages), and must follow
the law and terms of this Agreement as a court would. Any arbitration under this
Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class
actions and private attorney general actions are not permitted.

**IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION, YOU MUST NOTIFY
PEBBLE IN WRITING WITHIN 30 DAYS FROM THE DATE THAT YOU FIRST ACCEPT OR HAVE
ACCESS TO THIS AGREEMENT BY MAILING OR FAXING AN OPT-OUT REQUEST TO OUR CUSTOMER
SERVICE CENTER LISTED BELOW. YOUR WRITTEN NOTIFICATION MUST INCLUDE YOUR NAME,
ADDRESS, THE EMAIL ADDRESS YOU USED TO REGISTER WITH PEBBLE, AND A CLEAR
STATEMENT THAT YOU DO NOT WISH TO RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH US THROUGH ARBITRATION.
YOUR DECISION TO OPT OUT OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION WILL HAVE NO ADVERSE
EFFECT ON YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH US OR THE DELIVERY OF PRODUCTS TO YOU BY US. IF
YOU HAVE PREVIOUSLY NOTIFIED US OF YOUR DECISION TO OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION, YOU
DO NOT NEED TO DO SO AGAIN.**

**Arbitration Fees**. The allocation and payment of all filing, administration
and arbitrator fees will be governed by the JAMS's rules which limit the amount
a consumer is required to pay. If the arbitrator determines that your Claims are
not frivolous applying the standards of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, we
agree to reimburse you the amount of all filing, administration and arbitrator
fees you are required to pay for the arbitration.

**Arbitration Rules**. The arbitration will be conducted by the JAMS ("JAMS")
under its rules if you are a resident of the United States; if your use of the
Products has been principally for personal or household use, the JAMS'
procedures for consumer-related disputes including the minimum fairness
standards will also apply. If you are a resident of a country other than the
United States, the arbitration will be conducted by the JAMS in San Francisco,
California, under its rules for international arbitration, and you and we agree
to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the U.S. federal court in San
Francisco, California in order to compel arbitration, to stay proceedings
pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the
award entered by the arbitrator. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency
between the applicable arbitration rules and this Arbitration Provision, this
Arbitration Provision shall govern and control.

The arbitration will be conducted in the English language by a single arbitrator
who is an attorney-at-law with at least fifteen years' experience in consumer
and technology transactions and who is also a member of the JAMS roster of
arbitrators. If you and we can't agree on a mutually acceptable arbitrator
within fifteen (15) days after the arbitration is initiated, then the JAMS will
pick a neutral arbitrator who meets the qualifications. The JAMS rules are
available at [http://www.jamsadr.com](http://www.jamsadr.com), or by calling 1-
800 â 352- 5267 from inside the United States or +44 207 583 9808 from outside
the United States.

**Initiating Arbitration**. To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must follow
the procedures specified by the applicable JAMS rules as described on their
website at [http://www.jamsadr.com](http://www.jamsadr.com).

**Time Restriction.** YOU MUST FILE A COMPLAINT WITH JAMS OR A PERMITTED COURT
WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR OF THE DATE OF THE OCCURRENCE OF THE EVENT OR FACTS GIVING
RISE TO A CLAIM, OR YOU WAIVE THE RIGHT TO PURSUE ANY CLAIM BASED UPON SUCH
EVENT, FACTS OR DISPUTE.

**Arbitration Process**. Because appearing in person for arbitration can be
unduly burdensome in the circumstances, arbitration under this Arbitration
Provision shall not require any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses
unless mutually agreed. Either or both parties may participate by written
submissions, telephone calls, or other means of remote communication as allowed
by the arbitrator. The arbitration proceedings will be conducted in the English
language at a location designated by the JAMS that is the most convenient for
you.

The arbitration can only decide Claim(s) between you and us, and may not
consolidate or join the claims of other persons that may have similar claims.
There shall be no pre-arbitration discovery except as provided for in the
applicable JAMS rules. The arbitrator will honor claims of privilege recognized
by law and will take reasonable steps to protect customer account information
and other confidential or proprietary information.

In conducting the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator will apply the law of
the State of California (without regard to its conflicts of law provisions)
including U.S. federal law for matters covered by federal law (_e.g. _the
Federal Arbitration Act). The confidentiality provisions of this Agreement will
be enforceable under the provisions of the California Uniform Trade Secrets Act,
California Civil Code Section 3426, as amended. At the request of any party, the
arbitrator shall provide a brief written explanation of the basis for the
decision and award. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be
entered in any court having jurisdiction. The arbitrator's decision will be
final and binding on the parties except for any right to appeal under the JAMS
rules or the Federal Arbitration Act.

**Recovery and Attorneys' Fees.** If the arbitrator rules in your favor on the
merits of any Claim you bring against us and issues you an award that is greater
in monetary value than our last written settlement offer made to you before
written submissions are made to the arbitrator, then we will (i) pay you 150% of
your arbitration damages award, up to $1,000 over and above your damages award;
and (ii) pay your attorneys, if any, the amount of attorneys' fees, and
reimburse any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs) that you or
your attorney reasonably incurred for investigating, preparing, and pursuing
your Claim in arbitration. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes
as to the payment and reimbursement of such fees, expenses, and the alternative
payment and the attorney premium at any time during the proceeding and upon
request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator's ruling on the
merits. The right to attorneys' fees and expenses discussed above supplements
any right to attorneys' fees and expenses you may have under applicable law,
although you may not recover duplicative awards of attorneys' fees or costs. If
your use of the Products was principally for personal or household use, neither
party will be entitled to any award of punitive or special damages and Pebble
waives any right it may have to seek an award of attorneys' fees and expenses
from you in connection with any arbitration of Claims between us.

**Confidentiality.** You and we shall keep confidential any information
exchanged during the arbitration as well as the decision of the arbitrator made
with respect to any Claim(s) arbitrated under this Arbitration Provision and,
with the exception of disclosure to your or our attorneys, accountants,
auditors, and other legal or financial advisors, neither party shall disclose
such information or decision to any other person unless required to do so by
law.

**Continuing Obligation to Arbitrate; Severability.** This Arbitration Provision
shall survive termination of your access to or use of any Products and related
agreements. If any portion of this Arbitration Provision is deemed invalid or
unenforceable at law, such invalid or unenforceable provision will be
interpreted, construed or reformed to the extent required to make it valid and
enforceable, and this shall not invalidate the remaining portions of this
Arbitration Provision.

**Pebble Customer Service Center Address:**

Pebble Technology Corp.

ATTN: **LEGAL/ARBITRATION**

900 Middlefield Road, 5th Floor 

Redwood City, CA 94063

Fax Number: (650) 618-1683

**General**

If you violate these Terms, Pebble may terminate and/or suspend your right to
access the Site(s) or suspend or cancel your orders, in each case without
notice.

Pebble's failure to enforce any of these Terms is not a waiver of such term.
These Terms are the entire agreement between you and Pebble and supersede all
prior or contemporaneous negotiations, discussions or agreements between you and
Pebble about the Site(s). The proprietary rights, disclaimer of warranties,
representations made by you, indemnities, limitations of liability and general
provisions will survive any termination of these Terms.
